Add autopilot server example (#247)
mavlink/MAVSDK-docs: en/cpp/server_plugins.md

> # Server Plugins

Reviewer: @bazfp @julianoes My feeling is that we were talking too much about the difference between server and client and obscuring the point:  "these let you add a mavlink service to your non mavlink flight stack". 

If you hate this we can revert the commit.

# Server Plugins

Initially, MAVSDK was developed to act as a ground station (client). MAVSDK would issue ground station commands to an
autopilot, which would then execute them. This meant MAVSDK always required an external MAVLink autopilot, simulated or real,
to act as the other-side (server) of the MAVLink service.

> However, MAVSDK can also be used for the server-side of the protocol e.g. running on a companion computer on the vehicle or as an autopilot. This means it is possible to use MAVSDK to act as a vehicle autopilot

Reviewer: There was something going on with this text. I have rewritten this a bit and generally cleaned up the English. No "factual" changes.

Reviewer 2: Thanks.

> MAVSDK has since been extended to provide MAVLink autopilot services. This means it is possible to use MAVSDK to act as a vehicle autopilot
> to listen and act on ground station commands. MAVSDK can now also act as a companion computer.

Reviewer 2: I would like to stress the companion computer side a bit more, rather than the autopilot side.

What about?

```suggestion
However, MAVSDK can also be used for the server-side of the protocol e.g. running on a companion computer on the vehicle or as an autopilot. This means it is possible to use MAVSDK to act as a vehicle autopilot
to listen and act on ground station commands or MAVSDK can act as a companion computer alongside an autopilot.
```

## Adding MAVLink support to your vehicle

Proprietary or non-MAVLink control systems can be given MAVLink support by utilising the MAVSDK `Server` plugins. MAVSDK does not provide 

> low-level vehicle control (see: PX4 or Ardupilot), but provides a simple interface for listening and publishing to appropriate MAVLink services.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
low-level vehicle control (see: PX4 or ArduPilot), but provides a simple interface for listening and publishing to appropriate MAVLink services.
```

- [TelemetryServer](../api_reference/classmavsdk_1_1_telemetry_server.md)
- [TrackingServer](../api_reference/classmavsdk_1_1_tracking_server.md)

> These server plugins can potentially also be used to test the "client" plugins of MAVSDK in the future.

Reviewer: Please add a link to the example from here
